<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/css" href="styles.css"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="_90_day_limited_warranty">
    <title>90-DAY LIMITED WARRANTY</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>
            <ol id="ol_o1b_jn1_vvb">
                <li><b>90-DAY LIMITED WARRANTY NINTENDO GAME BOY</b></li>
            </ol>
        </p>
        <p>TO VALIDATE THE FOLLOWING 90-DAY LIMITED WARRANTY, YOUR WARRANTY CARD AND SALES SLIP OR
            PROOF OF PURCHASE, MUST BE COMPLETED AND RETURNED TO NINTENDO WITHIN 10 DAYS AFTER DATE
            OF PURCHASE. </p>
        <p>90-DAY LIMITED WARRANTY </p>
        <p>Nintendo warrants to the original consumer purchaser that this GAME BOY shall be free
            from defects in material and workmanship for a period of 90 days from the date of
            purchase. If a defect covered by this warranty occurs during this 90-day warranty
            period, Nintendo will repair or replace the defective GAME BOY at its option, free of
            charge. To receive this warranty service : <ol id="ol_vxj_2g4_tvb">
                <li> DO NOT return your defective merchandise to the retailer. </li>
                <li>Notify the Nintendo consumer Service Department of the problem requiring
                    warranty service by calling 1-800-255-3700. Our Consumer Service Department is
                    in operation from 6:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M. Pacific time, Monday through Saturday.
                    PLEASE DO NOT send any defective items to Nintendo before calling the Nintendo
                    Consumer Service Department.</li>
                <li>If the Nintendo Service Representative is unable to solve the problem by phone,
                    you will be provided with a Return Authorization number. You MUST record this
                    number on the outside packaging of your defective components, and return it</li>
            </ol></p>
        <p>15 FREIGHT PREPAID, AND INSURED FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE TO: <simpletable frame="all"
                relcolwidth="1* 1*" id="simpletable_unb_4g4_tvb">
                <strow>
                    <stentry>
                        <p>In the United States:</p>
                        <p> Nintendo of America Inc.</p>
                        <p>Consumer Service Department</p>
                        <p>4820-150th Avenue N. E. Redmond WA 98052</p>
                        <p>RA#______________</p>
                        <p/>
                    </stentry>
                    <stentry>
                        <p> In Canada: </p>
                        <p>Nintendo of Canada Ltd.</p>
                        <p>110-13480 Crestwood Place</p>
                        <p>Richmond BC V6V2J9</p>
                        <p>RA#______________</p>
                    </stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable></p>
        <p>This warranty shall not apply if the GAME BOY has been damaged by negligence, accident,
            unreasonable use, commercial use, modification, tampering, or by other causes unrelated
            to defective materials or workmanship. This warranty shall not apply if the GAME BOY
            serial number has been altered, defaced, or removed. WARRANTIES LIMITATIONS </p>
        <p>ANY APPLICABLE IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
            FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE HEREBY LIMITED TO NINETY DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE
            AND ARE SUBJECT TO THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. IN NO EVENT SHALL NINTENDO BE LIABLE
            FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE BREACH OF ANY EXPRESS OF
            IMPLIED WARRANTIES. </p>
        <p>The provisions of this warranty are valid in the United States and Canada only. Some
            states/provinces do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts or
            exclusion of consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitation or exclusion
            may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also
            have other rights which vary between states/provinces. </p>
        <p>*Components covered under this warranty are: GAME BOY AND STEREO HEAD PHONES - BATTERIES
            ARE NOT COVERED UNDER THIS WARRANTY.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
